It's not exactly about attracting women, but more so about being a more attractive person by being honest and real.

It's not how or what you talk about to someone, its why you converse with people, the intention.
 --> praising why a woman is beautiful without her even accomplishing anything to do is a good example. 


Being that Fake Alpha isn't going to get you anywhere. Being yourself is a whole lot easier than being someone you are pretending to be.

Instead of trying to gain attention from people or girls, invest more time in yourself and your confidence, because that will get you a lot farther.

Be non-needy. 

The "Nice Guy" isn't too far off from the "Fake Alpha" when it comes to neediness.


True honesty is only possible when it is unconditional.

This willingness to walk away from her and this ability to accept nothing in return is what gives my interest its power.

If you make it clear from the beginning that you are unwilling to put up with games, then not only will the women you attract stop playing games, but you’ll stop attracting women who do.


It had nothing to do with the girls, it had everything to do with me.


You may be atractived by someone, but often there will be frictions that doesn't make the relationship workout.






PART 2

Rejection exists for a reason -- it’s a means to keep people who are not good for each other apart.

These are never wrong moves, assuming that they are honest expressions of yourself and you are showing your vulnerability.

Polarizing people is a lot more impotant than leaving people neutral or sense of bordom. 


The beauty is that whether she falls in love with you on the spot or she throws a drink in your face... you’ve succeeded. You’ve found out the truth. Your curiosity is fulfilled and you can now decide whether you should move on or not.


Don't chase validation, but fullfillment


------Fundementals-----

The three ways are 1) living based on our values (lifestyle); 2) becoming comfortable with our intentions (boldness); and 3) by expressing our sexuality freely (communication).


Honest Living, Honest Action, and Honest Communication.








PART 3

Part III is about Honest Living -- building an attractive and abundant lifestyle so that quality women/people who are most compatible with you naturally gravitate into your life.












PART 4

Part IV is about Honest Action -- overcoming your fears and anxieties so that you may act on your impulses and desires without hesitation or shame.










PART 5

Part V is about Honest Communication -- training you to express yourself openly and effectively, in a dynamic and interesting way that will keep women interested in you and help you make that transition to becoming physical with them.











































pg 143
